In Python we have lots of built-in functions.
 Built-in functions are globally available for your use that mean you can make use of the 
 built-in functions without importing or configuring. Some of the most commonly used Python built-in functions are the following: 
 print(), len(), type(), int(), float(), str(), input(), list(), dict(),
  min(), max(), sum(), sorted(), open(), file(), help(), and dir().

  Link : https://docs.python.org/3.9/library/functions.html

  Keywords : Python has many built in keywords(Reserved words and these
  words cannot be used as a variable to store the data)
  ex : and , if , else, elif , with , open, expect,finally,close etc 

  variable : Storing a data a in a computer memory location . 
  a = 10 
  10 gets stored in a variable 'a' and the memory is allocated to 10 
  id(10) >> will return the 'id' of the variable

  variable rules :
 1. A variable name must start with a letter or the underscore character
  ex : _name,first_name
 2.A variable name cannot start with a number
 3.A variable name can only contain alpha-numeric characters and underscores (A-z, 0-9 and _)
 4.Variable names are case-sensitive (firstname, Firstname, FirstName and FIRSTNAME) 
 are different variables)

 ex :
 firstname
lastname
age
country
city
first_name
last_name
capital_city

When we assign a certain data type to a variable,it is called variable declaration. 
 For instance in the example below my first name is assigned to a variable first_name. The equal sign is an assignment operator. Assigning means storing data in the variable. 
The equal sign in Python is not equality as in Mathematics.

Declaring multiple variables:
first_name, last_name, country, age, is_programming = 'Linkdin', 'learning', 'python', 2023, True

Getting user input using the input() built-in function.
 Let us assign the data
 we get from a user into first_name and age variables. Example:
name = input("Enter your name:")
age = input("Enter your age:")

Data types:
A data type is the classifiaction of the type of the values that can 
be assigned to variables.
In python we have different data types and we don't need to explicitly 
declare the type of the data internally python take cares of that which data type 
one variable is storing.

Mutable data types : Once we assign the value to a variable we can change the value or the data 
Immutable : Once the value is assigned we cannot change 

Type :
We can check the type of the data using type built in function:
type('linkdin') : string 
type(5) : int
type(5.5) : float

Casting : 
In python we have an option called type casting where we can convert the data type 
from one to  other . For ex if we want to concatenate a number with a str 
it throws an error first we have to convert an integer to string and then
we can concatenate 

1+'python' : throws an error 
str(1) + 'python' : '1python'