"Python"is a widely used general-purpose, high level programming language.
 It was created by Guido van Rossum in 1991 and further developed by the Python Software Foundation. It was designed with an emphasis on code readability, and its syntax allows programmers 
 to express their concepts in fewer lines of code.

 What is an Interpreter?
 >> A python interpreter is a computer program that converts each high-level program statement into machine code(0 and 1). An interpreter translates the command that you write out into code that the computer can understand.

 >> Computer programmers write in high-level programming languages. High-level languages are written closer to human language and allow programmers to focus on the command being written. Python is the most famous example of a high-level language.

>> However, while high-level languages are relatively easy to understand by humans, the same cannot be said for machines. Machines only understand machine code or machine language, a language represented by strings of bits — 1s and 0s.

>> As you can imagine, writing and reading a program as strings of 1s and 0s is extremely hard for human programmers. Imagine trying to memorize instructions as 1s and 0s!

 >> So how do we bridge the gap between what a human programmer writes and what the machine understands and thus executes? By using an interpreter.

>> When using a Python interpreter, the programmer types in the command, the interpreter reads the command, evaluates it, prints the results, and then goes back to read the command.
  
  '''' Python is an interpreter language"

2) Difference b/w interpreter and compiler? 

>> Computer programs are generally written in a high-level language, also called source code. Since machines don’t understand this type of language, the language needs to be transformed into binary or machine code, which machines understand.

>> Compilers and interpreters make this transformation possible. However, while they both have the primary function of changing source code into machine code, there are differences between them.

These two remarkable tools significantly differ in how they translate the source code.

>> Interpreters translate source code one statement at a time. On the other hand, the compiler first scans the entire program and then translates the whole program into machine code.

